1) Animal Handling
   Wisdom
   Animal Handling is especially useful for mounted combatants in order to pull
off impressive stunts without your mount becoming spooked.
2)Athletics
  Strength
  Your Strength (Athletics) check covers difficult situations you encounter while climbing,
  jumping, or swimming
3)Acrobatics
  Dexterity
  Your Dexterity (Acrobatics) check covers your attempt to stay on your feet in a tricky situation, 
  such as when you're trying to run across a sheet of ice, balance on a tightrope, or stay upright on a rocking ship's deck.
4)Arcana
  Intelligence
  It can be used to gather knowledge on magical related topics.
5)Bluff
  Charisma
  You can make what’s false appear to be true, what’s outrageous seem plausible, and what’s suspicious seem ordinary.
6)Diplomacy
  Charisma.
  Diplomacy is used to change opinions, to inspire good will, to haggle with a patron, to demonstrate
  proper etiquette and decorum, or to negotiate a deal in good faith.
7)Dungeoneering
  Wisdom
  It can be used to gather knowledge about an underground environment or to recognize an underground hazard or clue.
8)Endurance
  Constitution
  Make an Endurance check to stave off ill effects and to push yourself beyond normal physical limits.
9)Heal
  Wisdom
  You know how to help someone recover from wounds or debilitating conditions, including disease.
10)History
  Intelligence
  This includes information pertaining to royalty and other leaders, wars, legends, significant 
  personalities, laws, customs, traditions, and memorable events.
11)Insight
  Wisdom
  You make an Insight check to comprehend motives, to read between the lines, to get a sense of
  moods and attitudes, and to determine how truthful someone is being.
12)Intimidate
   Charisma
   Make an Intimidate check to influence others through hostile actions, overt threats, and deadly persuasion
13)Nature
   Intelligence
   It can be used to gather knowledge about the natural world.
14)Perception
   Wisdom
   Make a Perception check to notice clues, detect secret doors,spot imminent dangers, find traps, follow tracks,
   listen for sounds behind a closed door, or locate hidden objects.
15)Religion
   Intelligence
   It can be used to gather knowledge about religious knowledge or to recognize a religion-related clue.
16)Stealth
    Dexterity
    Make a Stealth check to conceal yourself from enemies, slink past guards, slip away without being noticed,
    and sneak up on people without being seen or heard.
17)Streetwise
    Charisma
    Using this skill takes 1 hour and might be part of a skill challenge. Some GMs may allow it being used as a
    knowledge check, where it takes no action, but the creature doesn't know the answer on the failure.
18)Thievery
    Dexterity
    You have picked up thieving abilities and can perform tasks that require nerves of steel and a steady 
    hand: disabling traps, opening locks, picking pockets, and sleight of hand.
19)Survival
   Wisdom 
   This follow tracks, hunt wild game, guide your group through frozen wastelands, identify signs that 
   owlbears live nearby, predict the weather, or avoid quicksand and other natural hazards.
20)Swim
   Strength
   Make a Swim check once per round while you are in the water.